DREAM: This video, three of my friends try and
hunt me down and stop me from beating Minecraft.
DREAM: We said we would do it one final time for all
the marbles if the last video got one million likes and it did in a day.
DREAM: So, here we are.
DREAM: Can they stop me from
beating the Ender Dragon, or will I survive?
DREAM: No redos.
DREAM: No rematches.
DREAM: This is it.
DREAM: Minecraft Manhunt.
DREAM: Also, only a small percentage of
people that watch my videos are actually subscribed.
DREAM: So, if you end up liking this
video, consider subscribing.
DREAM: It's free.
DREAM: And you can always change your mind.
DREAM: Enjoy the video!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: He's going!
GEORGE: He's going!
BAD: Stay on him.
DREAM: Oh my God.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[GEORGE chuckles]
GEORGE: Come on, Dream.
DREAM: Oh my God.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Good.
GEORGE: Boost me, boost me.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Boost.
BAD: A village!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: There's a blacksmith!
GEORGE: Oh, I just boosted him.
BAD: Okay, you guys stay on him.
BAD: I'm getting wood.
GEORGE: I'm getting the blacksmith.
BAD: I'll make us swords.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: OK.
Bad’s getting swords, I'm getting the blacksmith.
BAD: Ooh! He's going
towards the, uh, portal thing.
BAD: Someone stay on him!
BAD: No one's on him!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh my God.
DREAM: Alright, saplings,
saplings and apples.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[GEORGE GASPS]
BAD: OK. I...
BAD: I have the swords
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: What did you guys get?
DREAM: Wait, what?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Go, go, go, go, go, go.
GEORGE: Oh my God.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh, Dream~
GEORGE: Hello, Dream.
[DREAM GASPS]
DREAM: What??!
GEORGE: It's me!
SAPNAP: Come here, Dream.
DREAM: You have full iron and an iron sword?!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[GEORGE chuckles]
GEORGE: Come on Dream.
GEORGE: Fight us.
DREAM: How am I gonna fight you?!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
DREAM: What?!
DREAM: That is the luckiest you have ever been!
[GEORGE chuckles]
GEORGE: No, this is–
SAPNAP: Come on, George. Let's get him, let's get him.
GEORGE: This is not even that good.
I don't have that much of an advantage.
[Music]
BAD: That's perfect actually.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: It's- It's kind of perfect.
GEORGE: I like that.
GEORGE: I like this.
BAD: Just stay. Stay on him.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: I'm not staying.
BAD: Don't let him get ahead.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh, there's lava down here.
GEORGE: Oh, I almost had you there.
GEORGE: Oh!
SAPNAP: Get him, George. Get him, get him.
GEORGE: I'm trying.
GEORGE: There!
DREAM: Oh my God.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh God.
GEORGE: Come on, Dream. I'm so close.
DREAM: Oh my God.
SAPNAP: Kill him. Kill him. Kill him.
GEORGE: I'm so close to him.
GEORGE: I'm so close, Dream.
SAPNAP: Oh, Dream.
SAPNAP: Come here, come here, come here.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: He's such a little nimble, acrobat.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Oh, I see him!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: He's going up the mountain.
BAD: Oh! You guys are
right behind him. Stay on him!
DREAM: Oh my God- [Unintelligible]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[GEORGE LAUGHING]
GEORGE: Yes Bad, join us.
BAD: Well hello Dream!
GEORGE: Join us.
BAD: He's going up.
SAPNAP: What is he doing? He's cornering himself.
BAD: Is he actually going up?
SAPNAP: What?
DREAM: Oh.
GEORGE: He's dead.
DREAM: My.
DREAM: God.
GEORGE: Bye, Dream.
SAPNAP: What?
GEORGE: He jumped.
BAD: He's done.
GEORGE: What?
SAPNAP: What?
GEORGE: Oh!
BAD: Did he jump?
GEORGE: I almost just jumped.
GEORGE: He had a hay bale.
BAD: What?
SAPNAP: How do you get down? How do you get down?
GEORGE: No!!
SAPNAP: George, be careful!
GEORGE: Oh my God, I'm on one heart.
GEORGE: I'm on one heart.
BAD: Where is he?!
BAD: Oh, he's over there!
[TENSE MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Wait, go down, go down the mountain.
GEORGE: No, no, no.
Sapnap, I'm on- I'm on one heart.
GEORGE: Um...
BAD: I'm coming down.
GEORGE: I don't have enough food to heal.
BAD: George, do you have a sword?
GEORGE: Take my stuff.
GEORGE: I don't have enough-
I don't have enough stuff.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Ah, pick it up.
GEORGE: Just take it, take it.
GEORGE: I only have one heart.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, you had iron!
SAPNAP: Where'd he go? Where'd he go?
BAD: OK, I'm gonna stop to craft iron swords.
BAD: Stay on him. He's running that way!
GEORGE: Oh, I see him. He's right here, he's right here!
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh, I-I can't do anything.
GEORGE: I can't do anything. I'm on one heart.
GEORGE: I have no food.
DREAM: Ooh!
[TENSE MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Stay with him.
SAPNAP: I'm right on him. I'm right on him.
GEORGE: Oh, I-I can't do
anything. What do I do? I need food.
GEORGE: Does anyone have food?
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Uh, I have two potatoes.
[GEORGE LAUGHS]
BAD: I picked them from the village.
DREAM: Oh, you missed your
jump, Sapnap. You shouldn't have done that.
[SAPNAP LAUGHING]
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Is he close? Where is he?
BAD: Sapnap, I have an iron sword.
SAPNAP: No carrots will be able to save you this time, Dream.
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: I have carrots. I'm healing.
BAD: Carrots are good.
SAPNAP: No!!
BAD: Bring some-
SAPNAP: No!!!
BAD: Sapnap run! Back up, back up, Sapnap!
SAPNAP: Oh my God, he's so low!
I hit him like three times. He must be so low.
BAD: Oh! We should get a horse.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: No, no, no.
BAD: Sapnap, I'm right
behind you. Just for the record.
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: Okay, I'm coming back.
GEORGE: Do you have a weapon for me, Bad?
BAD: Yeah, I have an iron sword.
[TENSE MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Okay, he's going in
the water. I'm gonna make a boat.
[TENSE MUSIC]
DREAM: Just leave me alone dude.
SAPNAP: Hey, come here. Let's talk about it.
DREAM: Just leave me alone.
SAPNAP: Let's just talk about it.
SAPNAP: Come here, come here.
DREAM: I'm- I'm not gonna talk with you.
DREAM: I have nothing-I have nothing to say.
SAPNAP: No, let's, let's, let's speak.
BAD: Oh, hi, George~
SAPNAP: I have a lot of things to say.
BAD: Wait, Dream.
BAD: I'm right behind you.
SAPNAP: Oh my God, I totally fudged all my jumps.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: It's okay, I'm right here.
BAD: Oh, where'd my boat go?
GEORGE: Wha-I'm here! I'm here!
BAD: Get him, get him, get him.
SAPNAP: Get him, George.
SAPNAP: Get him!!
GEORGE: I'm trying!
BAD: Stay on him. Stay on him.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: No, no, no!
BAD: Don't get out, wait for him to come.
SAPNAP: What?!
GEORGE: How did he get in the boat?!
BAD: Kill him!
GEORGE: I can't hit him, I'm in the boat!
BAD: Get- Get- Get out and punch him!
GEORGE: I- I-
GEORGE: If I get out, I'm gonna fall off.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: You can break his boat, if you get out!
GEORGE: I- I'm not able to do it quick enough.
BAD: Okay, is there a dead end coming up?
BAD: Sapnap, get in, get in!
BAD: I'm gonna sweep around.
GEORGE: He's gonna get out soon, I think.
GEORGE: He's gonna get out soon.
DREAM: Oh my God.
[MUSIC SETTLING DOWN]
BAD: Sapnap, get in.
GEORGE: What is happening?
BAD: Okay.
SAPNAP: Go, go, go.
BAD: I'm going, I'm going.
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: Dream.
DREAM: George, get out of my boat.
GEORGE: Stop this boat immediately.
DREAM: Get out of my boat.
GEORGE: Stop.
GEORGE: The boat.
GEORGE: Now.
DREAM: Get out of it.
BAD: OK. We're right here.
GEORGE: Wait. What?
BAD: Wait. Can we hit him? Hit him.
SAPNAP: I can't hit him, if I’m in the boat.
GEORGE: I can’t hit him in the boat
[MISCHEVIOUS MUSIC]
BAD: Oh my goodness.
GEORGE: You guys can hit him.
BAD: I'm trying!
[MISCHEVIOUS MUSIC]
GEORGE: You might have to- OK.
BAD: Here, get-
GEORGE: Don't hit me though.
BAD: Get- Ugh, can you hit him without-
BAD: Hit him, hit him!
GEORGE: What's he doing?!
BAD: Hit him!
GEORGE: He's crafting something!
SAPNAP: Break the thing!
DREAM: Oh my God!
BAD: Yes, kill him!
[MISCHEVIOUS MUSIC]
GEORGE: Wait, did he get the boat?
BAD: Stay on him!
GEORGE: Get in the boat, Sap! Go, go, go!
BAD: Guys! Noo!!
SAPNAP: Yes!!
DREAM: Nooo.
BAD: No! Kill him!
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: George, get in.
GEORGE: I'm in the boat now. I'm in, I'm in, I'm in.
BAD: OK, OK.
SAPNAP: Hi, Dream.
BAD: See if you can, like,
pop out of the boat and break it.
SAPNAP: No, I don't wanna try and get outta the boat. He's-
BAD: Aghhh!!
DREAM: Just hop-
DREAM: Hop outta the boat and try
and break it, Sapnap. Hop out outta the boat.
SAPNAP: Oh yeah, yeah. I'm totally gonna do that.
BAD: Just stay in with him.
BAD: Stay with him. He has to stop
at some point. We're right behind you.
[MISCHEVIOUS MUSIC]
BAD: These stupid things. Hit him.
BAD: George!
GEORGE: I can't!
BAD: I'm the driver!
SAPNAP: What are you doing, dude?
You're just going in circles. You're making me dizzy!
SAPNAP: Stop!
GEORGE: I can't!
BAD: Hit him!
GEORGE: Get us closer. Get us closer.
SAPNAP: Stop, please!
BAD: I can’t hit him!
BAD: If I hit him, I stop.
GEORGE: You’re not close enough. Get closer.
SAPNAP: I'm literally getting dizzy. Please. Stop.
BAD: Just hit him!
GEORGE: It’s not as easy as it looks.
BAD: I can't-
BAD: George. I, I-
BAD: Oh, I hit, Sapnap!
SAPNAP: How do you hit me?!
BAD: I'm trying!
[MISCHEVIOUS MUSIC]
SAPNAP: He's getting stone!
GEORGE: Bring me closer, bring me closer!
BAD: Ah!
DREAM: Yes!
BAD: Sapnap!
DREAM: Yes-Noo! How are you in still?
DREAM: How are you in?
BAD: [Unintelligible]
GEORGE: Okay, Bad, Bad, Bad.
GEORGE: Wait, swap seats, swap seats.
BAD: Oh, oh!
SAPNAP: He's there! I'm stuck in the boat.
BAD: Get him, get him!
BAD: I'm right on him.
Bring, bring the boat. Bring the boat.
DREAM: Oh. My.
GEORGE: I'm bringing a boat.
DREAM: God.
BAD: I'm staying with him.
[MISCHEVIOUS MUSIC FADING OUT]
BAD: Pick that up.
GEORGE: I'm kind of far, but I'm-
BAD: It's near a birch tree.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Do you see it?
GEORGE: Oh, I found him, I found him.
SAPNAP: C'mere, c'mere.
BAD: Stay on him! We're literally-
SAPNAP: Oh, he's so low. He's so low.
BAD: He's right here!
BAD: Just kill him.
[TENSE MUSIC]
SAPNAP: No where to run.
BAD: Oh, he has nowhere to go.
BAD: You are done, Dream.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: RIP.
BAD: He's going down.
DREAM: Oh God.
SAPNAP: Come here, come here.
SAPNAP: Just come here.
BAD: No stop. Slow down!
GEORGE: Get in. Get in.
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: Get in.
BAD: Thank you, okay. Go to him. Go to him.
BAD: I see him.
GEORGE: Oh, he's right there.
GEORGE: Hit him, Bad.
GEORGE: Hit him!
BAD: He fell? Where is he?
GEORGE: Oh, he dived!
[MUSIC QUIETING DOWN]
BAD: Oh my goodness.
SAPNAP: He’s going down. Where’s he going?
DREAM: Wait, ugh.
GEORGE: Where is he?
BAD: Do you see him?
[TENSE MUSIC BUILDING]
GEORGE: I don't see. It's too-
GEORGE: It's too murky.
SAPNAP: Oh my God. Oh my God, that was so close.
BAD: Where is he?
DREAM: Oh my God.
SAPNAP: Oh, he's- He's under- He's in an underwater cave.
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: He's underground.
BAD: Oh, I see Sapnap.
GEORGE: Is he-
GEORGE: There air?
SAPNAP: No, there's not.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Where is he?
SAPNAP: He might drown.
GEORGE: How’s he-?
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, there's a cave here.
GEORGE: Wait, where?
BAD: Oh, he blocked it in.
[MUSIC DYING DOWN]
BAD: OK.
GEORGE: Oh, he blocked it!
BAD: Yeah, hold on.
GEORGE: Is he right here?
GEORGE: Break the blocks. Break the blocks.
BAD: He's gonna drown.
BAD: No, he's gonna drown.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Can you mine underwater?
GEORGE: No!
GEORGE: Wait, I hear him.
BAD: I don't think you can mine that quick.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Oh my God, I'm going to drown.
BAD: Here, guys-
GEORGE: He's underneath!
I'm gonna drown. He's underneath.
GEORGE: He survived. He survived.
SAPNAP: Oh my God.
BAD: Get back up here.
GEORGE: I'm gonna drown.
SAPNAP: He's getting an upgrade?!
BAD: What?
SAPNAP: Oh my God.
BAD: I'm making, uh, I'm making a pick.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh my God, how? He actually-
GEORGE: Escaped.
SAPNAP: Guys, we might, we might-
SAPNAP: We might just wanna recoup and collect mine and stuff.
BAD: No, let's just-
BAD: We just mine straight
down to him. He's literally down here.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Here. Back up, back up.
BAD: Can you, uh, bridge a staircase?
BAD: Staircase.
GEORGE: OK, I'm doing it.
GEORGE: Well, I'm trying to- Wait, what?
BAD: Careful.
GEORGE: Oh, I thought he was here.
BAD: Stair-case.
GEORGE: Here's the staircase. It's right here.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: Wait…
What are we doing?
BAD: We are making picks.
GEORGE: Where is he?
GEORGE: Oh my God, where is he?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Okay, well, I’m just gonna mine this way.
BAD: Someone go, go up. Agh-
GEORGE: We can't go up anymore.
BAD: What if we all come down?
DREAM: Ooh-
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: We- We can't go up anymore.
GEORGE: OK, Bad.
BAD: Oh, I see his name.
BAD: I see his name. He's right there.
GEORGE: Wait, where?
BAD: Uh, ahead of us. Like straight ahead.
GEORGE: OK. Go, go, go dig faster.
BAD: OK, hold on. My pick's almost broken.
BAD: Um, do you guys have-
Have, uh, the, the stuff?
GEORGE: I don't have enough stuff. Who has wood?
SAPNAP: I have it right here.
SAPNAP: Just go! Just go! Just go!
BAD: Go, go, go.
BAD: Use that. Make a crafting table.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Make a pick. Make a pick. Mine's gonna break.
BAD: Help, help me mine, Sapnap. You mine the bottom.
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: I need-I need cobble.
Pass the cobble back, Sapnap.
BAD: It's- ahh!
SAPNAP: Just go. Just go, Bad.
Just go. Bad, just go.
BAD: I know we’re supposed to-
SAPNAP: We don't have time to craft!
GEORGE: Pass a cobblestone back!
DREAM: Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on!
DREAM: Come on,
come on, come on, come on,
DREAM: come on, come on, come
on, come on.
[MUSIC INTENSIFYING]
BAD: Move, move, move, move, move!
SAPNAP: Move, George!
[MUSIC]
BAD: Ah! He's right there!
SAPNAP: Get him, get him!
GEORGE: Go, go, go, go!!
BAD: Go, go, go!
SAPNAP: He has diamonds!
DREAM: Oh my.
GEORGE: Kill him!
[TENSE MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Wait, wait, wait! Guys, guys, guys.
DREAM: Oh my God.
SAPNAP: Just get the diamonds. Just get the diamonds.
GEORGE: I don't have an iron pickaxe.
BAD: Ohh mine this iron!
BAD: Oh, should we chase him or get the diamonds?
GEORGE: Ah, chase him!
BAD: OK, wait. Where'd he go?
BAD: Oh, he's going back.
He's going back down! He's at the diamonds!
SAPNAP: Stop him!
BAD: No! No diamonds!
SAPNAP: What?!
BAD:Ah, do you have a pick? Ah, my pick. Agh!!
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Hold on. How many diamonds did he get?!
GEORGE: Wait, I’m lost.
GEORGE: Oh! I found you, Bad.
BAD: Okay, wait, wait, wait. Don't let him get the rest of the diamonds.
SAPNAP: Let's get the diamonds. Get the diamonds. Get the diamonds.
BAD: Get the diamonds. Hold on. Cover that spot.
GEORGE: With what?!
[MUSIC BUILDING UP]
BAD: There's iron over here! I’m getting iron.
SAPNAP: [Unintelligible]
BAD: Make a furnace!
BAD: One of you craft a furnace, right now.
GEORGE: There’s a furnace, right here.
[MUSIC SETTLING DOWN]
BAD: Yeah, let’s get those.
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Dream's furnaces.
DREAM: Oh my God, you got there like, mh!
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
DREAM: That is so annoying.
BAD: No diamonds for you~
SAPNAP: No diamonds for Dream.
DREAM: I did-
DREAM: Get some diamonds, but-
GEORGE: Our diamonds now.
BAD: Oh yeah? OK.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
BAD: Can we set up more furnace?
BAD: "Fur-ni"?
SAPNAP: Yeah.
[GEORGE GIGGLING]
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
GEORGE: "Fur-ni"~
BAD: "Bur-ni"?
GEORGE: "Bur-ni", the science guy.
[GEORGE Laughs]
DREAM: What?
[DREAM Giggles]
[GEORGE Laughing]
BAD: Oh! A mine shaft.
GEORGE: It's so dark.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
BAD: Guys, do you see this?
GEORGE: Wait, where?
SAPNAP: Yeah.
SAPNAP: Up here.
BAD: Right here.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, there's iron!
BAD: Oh, we can find diamonds easily in here.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
BAD: Here, I'm gonna go this way.
BAD: You guys just keep your eyes peeled.
BAD: Try not to die.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
GEORGE: Wait, where's the mine shaft?
BAD: It's, uh, up, go up the cave to the right.
GEORGE: Oh, I see your name, I see your name.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh, wait, there might be diamonds down here.
BAD: Yeah, there should be diamonds in here.
GEORGE: I'm calling it.
GEORGE: I know. I found this like-
GEORGE: It's like a lava place. There's gonna be diamonds here.
BAD: Ooh! I found a chest.
BAD: Ooh~ It has coal in it.
GEORGE: Oh! And there's iron.
BAD: Any diamonds that we can–
BAD: Wait a minute- Did one of you come through here?
[PLAYFUL MUSIC]
GEORGE: Uh, where?
BAD: It's-
BAD: Oh, wait a minute. Guys.
BAD: Guys! I think Dream came through here.
GEORGE: Wait. Dream’s going to the nether?!
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
GEORGE: Is he- he might be going to the nether.
BAD: Why? Is that what it means?
BAD: No, that means lava.
GEORGE: Yeah, but-
BAD: Why would he?
BAD: Oh my God, seriously.
GEORGE: Cause he's going to the nether maybe.
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
BAD: I guess that'd be smart.
BAD: For him.
GEORGE: We'll find out in like two minutes.
GEORGE: Or less probably.
GEORGE: We'll find out in like twenty seconds.
BAD: I see you guys.
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
BAD: I see you, George.
BAD: I see you. OK. I'm heading back to the main cave.
BAD: Guys, meet me in the main cave.
GEORGE: I'm back here.
BAD: I see Sapnap.
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Oh!
GEORGE: Nice!
GEORGE: How many?
SAPNAP: Let's go.
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
BAD: How many?
SAPNAP: 8, 8, 8.
GEORGE: Eight?!
SAPNAP: Yeah!
GEORGE: Wait, 8 diamonds. I have 2 diamonds.
DREAM: You're just saying-
DREAM: You're just saying 8
because you want to, like, intimidate me.
SAPNAP: There could be 8 diamonds.
[CURIOUS MUSIC]
DREAM: Ooh?
DREAM: What?
[CURIOUS MUSIC]
BAD: These diamonds~
[GEORGE Giggling]
GEORGE: Dream just made diamond armor.
SAPNAP: What?!
BAD: Is that what that means?
SAPNAP: Oh my God-
GEORGE: How did he get so many diamonds?
SAPNAP: Wait, yeah. What?
GEORGE: I have 2.
BAD: I have- I have 4.
[CURIOUS MUSIC]
BAD: You have 2.
GEORGE: I have 2.
GEORGE: And Sapnap has 8, right?
SAPNAP: 8, so that means we have 14.
[SILENCE]
[GEORGE Laughs]
SAPNAP: OK, so I'll make a diamond chestplate
SAPANP: -and you guys get 2 swords.
[GEORGE Laughing]
[DREAM Laughing]
BAD: Yeah, here, I'm throwing it to you.
BAD: He should be nearby.
BAD: Wait.
BAD: Do you guys hear that?!
GEORGE: He's mining!
GEORGE: I hear him!
BAD: Where is he?!
GEORGE: He's like right here.
SAPNAP: What?
BAD: Where?
GEORGE: He's in the ceiling!
[INTENSE MUSIC]
BAD: What?!
BAD: Oh, he's there!
GEORGE: He poured lava, he poured lava.
BAD: Oh my goodness!
BAD: He’s pouring lava!
DREAM: Watch out, watch out.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Can we- Can we cover that up?
GEORGE: Oh, watch out, watch out, watch out!
[INTENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Careful.
SAPNAP: Come here, Dream.
GEORGE: Slip up!
SAPNAP: Oh, oh! George, George!
BAD: Nooo! His lava!
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Wait, it like turned it into stone.
SAPNAP: I- I took his lava, I took his lava!
BAD: Here, uh, try and, try and-
SAPNAP: No, he's running, he's running. Go!
GEORGE: Build up. Build up.
BAD: I'm going!
BAD: Oh my goodness, move.
[SILENCE]
BAD: I'm going.
GEORGE: Wait. We need to-
BAD: He's up here.
BAD: He’s up here.
GEORGE: What about? We need the iron.
GEORGE: We need the iron.
BAD: Oh, he’s here!
GEORGE: Oh my God!
DREAM: Oh, what?!
[ADVENTUROUS MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Come here, Dream!!
BAD: Kill him!
[ADVENTUROUS MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Oh!
BAD: Oh my goodness.
BAD: Mine this, mine it.
BAD: Go, go, go.
SAPNAP: Wait, oh! Bad, Bad, Bad. Careful!
BAD: Oh! He put so much!
SAPNAP: We need to go back to it.
We don't want him to take our iron.
SAPNAP: We do not want him to take our iron.
BAD: OK, go back, go back.
BAD: That's true, that's true.
DREAM: Ah!
BAD: That's a good point.
BAD: Wait, ooh! There’s a–
SAPNAP: There’s Enderman.
BAD: Oh my goodness!
SAPNAP: Don’t let him get the Enderman.
BAD: There's diamonds in this, this mine cart.
BAD: Oh my gosh.
[MUSIC QUIETS DOWN]
SAPNAP: Well, I found a lava–
SAPNAP: You think this is much-
Enough lava over here to make a portal?
[SILENCE]
BAD: Um…
SAPNAP: It's, it’s gonna cut it close.
BAD: Yeah, no.
BAD: That should be enough.
SAPNAP: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
GEORGE: There's a really big lava place though,
right where I am. I don't know where you are.
SAPNAP: OK, OK, that works.
I'm gonna go get some water.
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
BAD: Diamonds!
SAPNAP: Really?
BAD: Oh my goodness.
BAD: Yeah.
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
GEORGE: It's literally, like, the diamond mine.
DREAM: Well, you guys are giving me a head start.
DREAM: By literally being
underground right now. I hope you know that.
BAD: Yeah.
BAD: That's gonna do you a lot
of good when we have full diamond armor.
BAD: And you're staying there going,
“Oh, no! Please don't hurt me. I'm just a wittle Dream.”
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
DREAM: That does not sound like me.
BAD: That sounds exactly like you.
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
DREAM: OK.
DREAM: I...
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
DREAM: I like this.
DREAM: Yes.
BAD: Oh no.
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
BAD: Guys, we need enough for a- Ugh…
BAD: How are we gonna get obsidian?
[ETHERIAL MUSIC]
BAD: You guys have enough for a diamond pick?
BAD: Or should we save this for armor?
GEORGE: Wait, Sap-
GEORGE: I think Sapnap has some.
Because I gave it to him from the- From the village.
GEORGE: There was loads.
SAPNAP: I have some-
SAPNAP: Some what?
GEORGE: Obsidian.
SAPNAP: Yeah, here.
GEORGE: How much do you? How much were there, like?
GEORGE: It was enough, right?
SAPNAP: Yeah, it's 5, here.
BAD: Gimme.
SAPNAP: There.
[SILENCE]
BAD: Thank you.
[DANGEROUS MUSIC]
GEORGE: He went to the nether.
BAD: Oh my goodness. Seriously.
SAPNAP: We need to move fast.
BAD: Do the, do the thingy.
BAD: Just load up everything.
SAPNAP: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Wait, can I have a lapis?
BAD: Oh my goodness.
GEORGE: I need, I need- Gimme four lapis, please.
BAD: No. Mine.
GEORGE: Wha-
BAD: Mine.
SAPNAP: My God.
GEORGE: I need lapis.
DREAM: You have enchanted-
DREAM: Oh my God. This last time,
last time you guys had enchanted armor.
DREAM: This did not-
DREAM: Really.
DREAM: Go.
DREAM: That well.
[DANGEROUS MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, my-
SAPNAP: George, look at the sharpness I got on this sword.
BAD: He's so done.
DREAM: Sharpness 2?
GEORGE: Sharpness 5?!
DREAM: You're lying. You can't even get-
DREAM: You're not even funny. [LAUGHING]
BAD: I've enchanted every piece of my armor.
BAD: You are done, Dream. Good-GG.
GEORGE: Oh, can someone enchant this for me?
GEORGE: Because I've got a bad enchantment on it.
BAD: Here, take that.
BAD: I enchanted that. You can have that.
[DANGEROUS MUSIC]
[SILENCE]
SAPNAP: Kay, are we ready to go?
BAD: Yeah, I think we're good. Let's meme him.
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: He's about to get memed.
BAD: Wait, can you break these?
DREAM: Oh my God.
SAPNAP: Yes, you can.
BAD: OK.
BAD: I'm taking it.
SAPNAP: I just went through.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: All right, let's go.
SAPNAP: Oh my God. I see his crafting bench!
SAPNAP: Oh, crap, crap, crap, crap!
BAD: What? What? What?
SAPNAP: We need gold.
DREAM: Wait.
DREAM: What? You see my crafting bench?
GEORGE: They linked up.
DREAM: What?!
BAD: Aww.
BAD: Let’s go.
GEORGE: They linked up.
BAD: He's gotta be nearby.
GEORGE: He's gotta be nearby.
BAD: That's fine.
BAD: Oh, is the-
BAD: The compass works in the nether!
DREAM: Oh no.
DREAM: No, no, no.
BAD: Oh, Dream~
DREAM: Oh, I just-
SAPNAP: This way. This way.
DREAM: Realized I totally-
DREAM: Muffined up.
BAD: He's this way.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
BAD: OK.
GEORGE: What is, "Oh, Shiny"?
[STIRRING MUSIC]
GEORGE: Distract piglins with gold.
BAD: Oh, we need gold.
BAD: I forgot.
GEORGE: Oh, we don't have gold. We're gonna get- Attacked.
BAD: Yeah.
BAD: Ah, how do- Here mine down, mine down.
BAD: Place something, George, I don't wanna die.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: He's this way guys.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
GEORGE: Run, run, run.
BAD: Just be careful.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
BAD: Hopefully the things don't attack us.
GEORGE: He's right here! He's right here!
BAD: Where, where, where?
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Oh, he's, he's like right here.
GEORGE: He’s literally right here.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
DREAM: There’s a strider here!
BAD: And I'm right behind you. Where are you?
[STIRRING MUSIC]
GEORGE: I-I fell.
BAD: I see him, I see him.
GEORGE: He's got, he’s got like a little escape path.
DREAM: Oh my-
BAD: Is this thing-
BAD: On a-
DREAM: God.
BAD: What?!
[STIRRING MUSIC]
DREAM: What?! You have a
diamond, chest plate and you're enchanted.
[GEORGE LAUGHING]
BAD: Oh, Dream~
GEORGE: Don't be scared, Dream.
SAPNAP: Get him. Get him.
BAD: Kill him.
DREAM: Oh, I found him.
GEORGE: Oh, he's so dead.
BAD: I hit-I hit you once. I’m right behind you.
GEORGE: He's dead, he’s dead.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Oh, blue fire~
GEORGE: There's a bastion there!
BAD: Oh, he's going this way. He's going this way!
DREAM: Oh. My. God.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
BAD: Blue fire!
GEORGE: Oh! The piglin’s after me. The piglin’s after me.
BAD: Where'd he go?
BAD: Wait, did he go in?
SAPNAP: This way. This way.
SAPNAP: I see him.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, Dream~
DREAM: Oh, Bad~
GEORGE: I see him!
SAPNAP: Oh, Dream. I see you.
BAD: He's right there.
DREAM: Wait.
GEORGE: I see him down there!
DREAM: Wait, what?!
BAD: Oh, hello~
SAPNAP: Yes! Get him fools, get him!
DREAM: You have like full diamond!
BAD: Get him!
GEORGE: Come on, Dream. Come fight us!
BAD: He’s done.
[STIRRING MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh my God. Where is he?
BAD: He's so done!
GEORGE: I just wanna see him die. Come on.
GEORGE: Oh! He's on the edge of a lava pool.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Get him!
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: What?!
GEORGE: What are you doing?!
DREAM: Oh my God!
BAD: What?!
GEORGE: What?!
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: How?!
SAPNAP: What?!
BAD: What did he do?!
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: What just happened?
BAD: Are you kidding me?
GEORGE: What. Just. Happened.
[DREAM Laughing]
DREAM: I saw that on Reddit!
BAD: Just build, build across.
GEORGE: I don't have enough blocks.
BAD: I have blocks.
GEORGE: I have never seen that before.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, careful. Move, move!
BAD: Oh my goodness.
BAD: Er–I'm building!
BAD: OK.
BAD: Why are you guys not saying anything?
GEORGE: Just go!
BAD: You dinguses.
GEORGE: Wha-?
BAD: Agh!
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: Where is he?
SAPNAP: Where'd he go? What?
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Is he here?
SAPNAP: What?
GEORGE: Where is he?
SAPNAP: Wait, shush, shush, shush.
[SILENCE]
SAPNAP: I swear I heard him mining.
BAD: Where is he?
[GEORGE GASPS]
GEORGE: I heard him!
SAPNAP: He's in the wall. He's in the wall.
GEORGE: He's in the wall.
DREAM: Wait, what?
[SILENCE]
SAPNAP: Dream?
DREAM: I'm not in any wall. I'm literally running.
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: I heard you break a block.
GEORGE: Wait, stop.
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: Kay, continue.
[GEORGE Laughing]
SAPNAP: Well, if you don't start mining, Dream.
SAPNAP: Never get anywhere.
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: Wait. Oh, that's Bad digging.
SAPNAP: Sh, sh, shh.
[SILENCE]
DREAM: So, how are you guys doing?
[HUNTERS SCREAM]
[SILENCE]
[GEORGE Laughing]
SAPNAP: We're doing great. Thanks for asking. :D
[DREAM Laughing]
DREAM: Alright, so-
GEORGE: That’s funny timing.
[DREAM Laughing]
GEORGE: War pigs?
BAD: Where is he?!
[WHIMSICAL MUSIC]
GEORGE: Loot a chest in a bastion remnant!
BAD: Guys, I think we got turned around.
[WHIMSICAL MUSIC]
BAD: Wait, is that?
BAD: George, is that?
BAD: Fortress!
[WHIMSICAL MUSIC]
BAD: Did you find it?
GEORGE: Oh! Nice!
GEORGE: You found it before, before Dream.
BAD: OK.
DREAM: Oh my God, that's twice in a row.
[BAD GIGGLING MISCHEVOUSLY]
BAD: Kill them.
GEORGE: I'm trying!
BAD: You need to bamboozle them.
[WHIMSICAL MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh, they're- They're in the sky.
GEORGE: I can’t kill them.
DREAM: What?!
DREAM: Ohh!
[WHIMSICAL MUSIC]
DREAM: No way.
SAPNAP: We're looking for some iron.
Yeah, we're looking for some iron~
DREAM: Wow, vocalize.
GEORGE: A really big-
SAPNAP: What's the Scooby doo?!
SAPNAP: We're coming after you.
SAPNAP: We're gonna solve that mystery~
BAD: Scooby Dooby Doo.
BAD: I see you.
DREAM: What's that, Dreamy Poo?
DREAM: We're coming after you.
SAPNAP: I wanna– I wanna kiss you~
BAD: Guys, there’s so much.
SAPNAP: Dream, I love youu~
[SILENCE]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC BUILDING]
BAD: Oh, puh-dip, puh-dip, puh-doo.
DREAM: Ooh!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Did you find something?
DREAM: Yes, I did. I found something very good.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Hmm? What did you find?
DREAM: No, I just got pearls.
DREAM: I just need pearls.
I- I needed pearls really badly.
DREAM: I finally got 'em.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: That's nice.
BAD: I don't believe you.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Wait, why am I still wearing this?
GEORGE: Oh! He's in the fortress.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Oooh~
BAD: Oh, Dream~
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: Where is Dream?
DREAM: No!
BAD: Dreamy Poo.
DREAM: You broke the spawners.
[HUNTERS laughs]
BAD: Hmm.. Hahaha
SAPNAP: Do you like that?
GEORGE: Oooh~
GEORGE: He's worked it out.
BAD: Guys.
BAD: Look what I see.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BAD: You see that?
GEORGE: Mhm.
GEORGE: He got a blaze rod.
BAD: What?! How?
SAPNAP: Because, I think, blazes naturally spawn in the fortress as well.
BAD: Do they?
SAPNAP: But at a way slower rate. It takes them a long time.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
DREAM: Yes!
DREAM: Oh no.
DREAM: You didn't break– Did you find?
You might not have found the other spawner.
GEORGE: No, we didn't find it.
DREAM: Liar. I'm thinking you probably did, but-
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh my God, you did.
[SILENCE]
BAD: You dumb dumb. Why'd you do that, George?
BAD: Hey, George.
GEORGE: Hm?
BAD: What did one piglin say to the other?
[SILENCE]
GEORGE: Yoink!
[EVERYONE laughs]
BAD: He said, how are you oinking today, sir?
GEORGE: That doesn't mean anything.
BAD: Yes, it does.
[SILENCE]
SAPNAP: He’s here!
DREAM: Oh my God!
[BATTLE MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Get him!
GEORGE: I heard him!
GEORGE: I heard him walking around.
BAD: Oh hello, good sir.
[BATTLE MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh, come on.
BAD: Careful, careful.
SAPNAP: Oh! No, no, no, no.
BAD: Sapnap, what are you doing?!
SAPNAP: Noo!!
GEORGE: Oh my God. I'm so low, I'm so low!
BAD: Nope. Nope.
BAD: I'm right behind him. Oh, careful, careful.
[BATTLE MUSIC]
BAD: Where is he? Oh, come on!
BAD: Ah, Wither Skeleton!
GEORGE: Come on, Dream!
GEORGE: Hello?!
GEORGE: Withers!
BAD: Careful.
BAD: George!
GEORGE: He's killing me!
SAPNAP: No!
SAPNAP: I’ll block, I’ll block, I’ll block. Get back!
BAD: I'm not–
SAPNAP: No!
GEORGE: No!!
BAD: Kill him!
SAPNAP: Get him, get him, Bad!
DREAM: Oh my God!
[MUSIC TRAILING OFF]
BAD: Stay on him!
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: I'm all the way back
at spawn. I’m all the way at the spawn.
BAD: Where did he go?!
SAPNAP: Where’d he go?
SAPNAP: Wait, he pearled so far.
BAD: Where’d he go?
SAPNAP: What?
BAD: What?
BAD: Hold on. Where'd he go?
GEORGE: Oh my God.
BAD: Are you kidding?
GEORGE: Guys.
[TENSE MUSIC]
GEORGE: I can’t get back.
BAD: Sapnap!
BAD: Sapnap, come back. We have to get his stuff.
SAPNAP: Get- Grab his stuff.
Oh my God, there's a Ghast shooting at me.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Sapnap, did you pick up George's blaze rods?
SAPNAP: No, you haven't?
BAD: No, I- Oh, dang it!
BAD: Dream has them.
GEORGE: Ugh.
SAPNAP: God.
BAD: Agh!
GEORGE: Our whole plan has just gone to shreds.
GEORGE: Whatever. It's gone to something.
BAD: Okay. Hold on.
BAD: We have to, we have to get out, we have to get out.
BAD: Agh!
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: This is not good.
BAD: If he makes it to the portal before we do.
BAD: Where's the portal?
BAD: We need to go.
SAPNAP: This way. It's this way.
BAD: OK, you lead the way. Lead the way.
BAD: OK.
BAD: Enderpearl across this.
SAPNAP: I got it.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Sapnap, do you have any blocks?
SAPNAP: Uh, yeah, yeah.
BAD: Uhh, actually, you bridge, you're better.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Keep your eyes peeled. Cause he could be near us.
BAD: I think we're close.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: OK, Sapnap?
SAPNAP: Yeah?
BAD: Is it this way? Is the portal this way?
SAPNAP: Uh, I think so.
BAD: Sapnap, we're close!
BAD: Stay with me. Stay with me.
SAPNAP: Alright.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
SAPNAP: Oh.
BAD: Sapnap, come on.
BAD: We're so close.
SAPNAP: Let's go. Let's go, let's go.
BAD: If we can get back to the overworld before him.
BAD: I don't know. He might be there.
BAD: He had a little bit of a head start.
BAD: Keep your eyes peeled. If you see him, kill him.
GEORGE: Yes.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
BAD: Oh, there it is! There it is!
SAPNAP: There it is! Go! Go!
[MUSIC STOPS]
BAD: Enderpearl!
SAPNAP: No!
SAPNAP: I missed my pearl.
BAD: Tower up.
SAPNAP: I'm towering. I'm towering.
[CHASE MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh, my God.
BAD: Alright guys, I’m going through.
BAD: I'm going through.
BAD: Hurry, Sapnap. I'm gonna go try and kill him.
BAD: I- I- I outgear him.
BAD: Oh, wait, what?
BAD: Why’s he near?
BAD: This is not where we came in.
GEORGE: I have no idea. Where are you?
BAD: Track him.
DREAM: Oh God.
SAPNAP: Oh my God! He has Eyes of Ender. Get him!!
BAD: He’s near the village.
BAD: George, go to the village.
DREAM: Oh my God.
SAPNAP: He’s at the village. He’s at the village.
BAD: Yeah. Go the opposite side of it.
GEORGE: The spawn village?
BAD: Yes!
GEORGE: How are you there?
BAD: We're- I don't know!
SAPNAP: I don't know!
BAD: We’re here. We're chasing him!
BAD: Stay on him.
BAD: OK. We need to find George.
[CHASE MUSIC]
BAD: This little muffin head.
BAD: He's got a bow!
BAD: Stop it!
BAD: Oh, George, George, George you’re here!
SAPNAP: This is for George!!
BAD: I have your stuff, George.
GEORGE: Hello!!
SAPNAP: George!!!
BAD: Stay on him! Stay on him!
BAD: I have his stuff.
BAD: You stay on Dream.
I'm gonna drop George's stuff.
SAPNAP: Alright, I'm going on him!
BAD: Get ready, ready, ready, George, uh-
GEORGE: Give it, give it to me!
SAPNAP: This is for George, Dream!!
BAD: Put that on.
BAD: Come on!!
DREAM: Oh God.
BAD: I'll give you some food in a second.
GEORGE: Oh, you didn't gimme boots.
SAPNAP: Oh, crap!
DREAM: Wait, pearl.
BAD: I know, I didn't pick up boots. He got'em.
[CHASE MUSIC]
BAD: He’s hanging back towards the village.
GEORGE: I’m back! I'm back in the game.
SAPNAP: He's back!
DREAM: Thank God.
BAD: Uh- I did not.
GEORGE: Sapnap, drop my boots and shield.
BAD: Did you pick up his boots and shield?
[SAPNAP screams in terror]
BAD: Block, block block!
[CHASE MUSIC]
BAD: Sapnap, block!
SAPNAP: Noo!! Please!!
BAD: I'm here! I got your back!
DREAM: OOOOOOOOLUUHLUHLULUH
DREAM: LUHLUAHLUALAHLAH
BAD: What does that even mean?
[GEORGE Laughs]
SAPNAP: You don't know? It means-
SAPNAP: “Oh my God, I'm about to die.”
BAD: Oh, careful.
BAD: He's got a bow.
BAD: Oh no you don't.
BAD: Oh, you are getting muffined.
BAD: Dang it, dang it!
GEORGE: I don't have a shield.
GEORGE: I can’t block.
SAPNAP: Here, here, here, George. Come here.
BAD: Do you have his shield?
SAPNAP: There, there, there, there, there, there, there
BAD: I'm gonna stay on Dream, uh, Dream.
[CHASE MUSIC]
BAD: Hello good sir.
GEORGE: I need food.
BAD: Oh, dang it!
[MUSIC GAINS TENSION]
SAPNAP: Finish him.
SAPNAP: Wait.
BAD: I'm trying.
SAPNAP: Get him creeper. Yes!
BAD: Yes, Team Creeper!
BAD: Kill him!
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Ooh, thank you for the bridge, Dream.
DREAM: You're welcome.
DREAM: You're very welcome.
BAD: And-
BAD: Die!!
BAD: Dang it.
BAD: He's got lily pads.
BAD: Are you joking me?
BAD: Oh my goodness.
BAD: Ah, no!
SAPNAP: Bad, you messed up my jump.
BAD: I know, I messed up one.
BAD: I'm sorry, I was right behind him.
BAD: He's done.
DREAM: Oh my God.
SAPNAP: Come on. Come here, Dream.
BAD: Stay on him.
BAD: Oh, hello good, sir.
SAPNAP: Oh, you've really done it this time.
DREAM: Oh God.
BAD: Someone's in trouble!
SAPNAP: He has to be low. He has to be low guys.
BAD: Oh my goodness. He's going in the water again.
SAPNAP: He's so good with water tactics.
GEORGE: Swimming?
BAD: He’s gonna die.
GEORGE: I caught up. I'm here again.
GEORGE: I'm back.
BAD: Think we should make a boat?
SAPNAP: No, no!
SAPNAP: No!!
BAD: He's going down.
GEORGE: What?
SAPNAP: Come here, dolphin.
SAPNAP: I got the dolphin.
BAD: Did you get it?
SAPNAP: Where is he?
SAPNAP: Where is he? Where'd he go?
SAPNAP: Oh, he's down here.
BAD: He's down here.
BAD: He's right here. He’s heading back.
GEORGE: There’s so many dolphins.
BAD: Beat his legs.
BAD: He had-
SAPNAP: He just pearled, he just pearled.
BAD: Ender Pearl. Pearl!
BAD: Go, go, go. I'm right behind him.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Where’d he go?
BAD: Oh, he's turning.
BAD: Well hello, good sir.
DREAM: Oh my
DREAM: God.
GEORGE: There's an Enderman.
DREAM: Oh my God.
[TENSE MUSIC]
BAD: You.
BAD: Are.
SAPNAP: He's going down. He's going down. He's going down!
BAD: What?!
BAD: Stay with him!
SAPNAP: What?
BAD: Mine down.
SAPNAP: Where'd he go?
BAD: He blocked it off. Dig!
GEORGE: Wait, just dig him out.
SAPNAP: What?
BAD: Help, help.
GEORGE: I don't have a... I can't-
GEORGE: I don’t have a pickaxe.
BAD: Did he go down here, Sapnap?
SAPNAP: He did, but I don't know where he is.
SAPNAP: What?
BAD: Then, he's gotta be here.
BAD: Take the turn.
SAPNAP: Did he have stone in his inventory?
BAD: No.
BAD: I don't think so. Did he?
DREAM: How would you know my inventory?
BAD: Wait, listen, listen.
[MUSIC FADES]
BAD: Listen.
BAD: I don't hear him.
BAD: OK.
BAD: Wait, what?
BAD: The compass.
BAD: The compass is-
SAPNAP: Wait-
BAD: Oh my goodness. He didn't go that way.
BAD: Guys, guys, guys.
BAD: He's up! Sapnap, he didn't go down!
GEORGE: Wait, what?
BAD: The compass is pointing this way.
BAD: Unless he's underground.
GEORGE: It says- He’s this way.
BAD: Is he in a cave?
BAD: Here, just run this way. Look down.
GEORGE: Keep following the-
GEORGE: The wha-the compass.
BAD: What?
BAD: OK, there's no way he's underground.
BAD: There's no way.
GEORGE: He can't- He couldn't have dug this fast.
GEORGE: Wait, there’s dirt here.
BAD: I just found a magma cube.
BAD: Or a- Not a magma cube. Oh, where are those things?
GEORGE: Oh! I found him!!
GEORGE: He's right here!
BAD: Where?!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: I-I'm right behind him!
GEORGE: He's killing food.
SAPNAP: Kill him, kill him.
SAPNAP: Kill him, kill him!!
GEORGE: I'm killing him!
GEORGE: He's dead.
GEORGE: OK, he's not dead!
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: I'm getting him.
BAD: Stay on him.
DREAM: You need to leave me alone!
DREAM: Alright. You know what?
BAD: No!
DREAM: OK, it’s this way.
BAD: Ooh, he's got him!
BAD: He's got the Ender Eyes.
SAPNAP: No- I got it! I got it!
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: OK, you guys stay on him. I'm making a boat.
GEORGE: He's going down.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: I'm gonna drown. I can't go down there.
GEORGE: Oh, he's- He's back up.
BAD: Wait, wait, wait.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
GEORGE: Get him!
BAD: All right, I'm here, I'm here!
BAD: Get him!
DREAM: Oh God.
GEORGE: Oh-
BAD: Kill him!
GEORGE: He's gone.
BAD: Get him.
GEORGE: No!
GEORGE: No, no, the boat– No, no!
BAD: Wait, wait, wait!
BAD: Noo!
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Get him!
BAD: Kill him!
SAPNAP: No- Noo!
DREAM: Yes!!!
BAD: Noo!!
GEORGE: Oh my God.
BAD: Agh!! Does anyone have any wood?
GEORGE: No, I don’t have.
SAPNAP: Don't you?!
BAD: No!!!
SAPNAP: Oh my God.
BAD: Get to the island.
BAD: Enderpearl-
GEORGE: He’s sailing off into the sunset.
BAD: No, I know, Stop!
BAD: Dang it!!
[MUSIC FADES]
DREAM: How do you not have any more boats?
[WESTERN MUSIC BEGINS]
BAD: I’m the driver now.
DREAM: “I'm the driver now”? [CHUCKLING]
DREAM: You're in a boat.
DREAM: I- I guarantee you're in a boat right now.
DREAM: Captain is what it actually is.
DREAM: And you could have said, “I'm the captain now.”
DREAM: But you said, “I'm the driver now.”
DREAM: Which doesn't even work.
BAD: I am the driver.
BAD: What are these yellow fish called?
DREAM: Dream fish.
[SILENCE]
[DREAM Laughing]
BAD: What?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC STARTING]
BAD: We are pirates~
BAD: Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum~
SAPNAP: Ey, yuh.
BAD: Oooh!
BAD: Did you see this?
SAPNAP: BadBoyHa-lo~
SAPNAP: And GeorgeNot-
SAPNAP: Found and Sapnap~
SAPNAP: Are a team~
BAD: Oh!
BAD: That is a victory.
BAD: You get- Anyone need any new iron armor?
SAPNAP: Bad get in the boat.
SAPNAP: Alright, cool.
BAD: His name is Dream~
BAD: His name is Dream!
BAD: We'll bake him in a pie~
BAD: His name is Dream~
BAD: And he's about to be dead~
BAD: We're gonna take our swords~
BAD: And whack him in the head~
BAD: Bum, bum, bum.
BAD: Ooh! His name is Dream~
BAD: His name is Dream!
BAD: He's going to scream when we kill him.
BAD: It's gonna be great!
SAPNAP: His name is Dr-
SAPNAP: -eeaammm!!
BAD: Gonna get Dream on a plate!
SAPNAP: I love Dreeaammm~
SAPNAP: And he loves meee~
DREAM: Oh my-
BAD: I don’t know-
BAD: -about that.
GEORGE: We're a~
GEORGE: Happy~
GEORGE: Family~
SAPNAP: Family!
BAD: Family!
BAD: Yes! Very good, George.
SAPNAP: With the na-na…
SAPNAP: And Bad is thicc~
[MUSIC CUTS OUT]
SAPNAP: Oh, ooh, oooh~
GEORGE: What?
BAD: He's a member of the-
BAD: British.
BAD: Race.
BAD: Oh, I think we’re about to find…
GEORGE: Blah, blee, blah, blah, blah, blah.
BAD: Iron!!
GEORGE: There he is!
DREAM: Oh my God!
BAD: Hello!
[TENSE MUSIC STARTING]
DREAM: Oh my God!
GEORGE: Come on, Dream.
BAD: Yes!!
BAD: Oh, he’s there!!
SAPNAP: Oh! Watch out!
GEORGE: Go back, go back!
BAD: Wait.
SAPNAP: Oh my god!
GEORGE: He’s doing a thing-
SAPNAP: Dream?
BAD: I’m getting flashbacks. Mine.
BAD: Hold on, mine-
GEORGE: Oh!
GEORGE: Oh, oh!
SAPNAP: Get him now!
SAPNAP: Come here, Dream!
BAD: Do it!
BAD: Kill him.
BAD: Get him.
BAD: Mine it.
SAPNAP: I’ll hurt you!!
BAD: Break his legs!
BAD: Get him. Can we get him?
BAD: Mine, uh, mine the thing and hit his legs.
BAD: Mine the block he's standing on.
BAD: Oh my goodness. He's going up.
BAD: Wait, wait, wait.
BAD: Go back, go back, go back and tower up!
BAD: Tower up.
SAPNAP: Go back, go back, go back.
SAPNAP: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
BAD: He's going back up to the top.
GEORGE: Oh my God. Run!
GEORGE: Wait. One person go up-
GEORGE: And then drop all of it down.
BAD: Yeah, I'll go up.
BAD: I'll go up.
BAD: You guys stay.
SAPNAP: I’ll go up.
BAD: Wait, gimme a water bucket.
BAD: You have a water?
SAPNAP: I-I have a water bucket.
BAD: Wait, what was he making?
BAD: He's making stone.
BAD: Why was he making stone?
DREAM: Oh my God.
DREAM: This is annoying.
BAD: This is a nice, little trick, Dream.
[MUSIC FADES]
DREAM: Mh, yeah-
SAPNAP: Yeah, and it failed.
GEORGE: Not tricky enough.
BAD: Hmm.
DREAM: Well, you fell for it last time.
GEORGE: Not tricky enough.
BAD: Yeah, but we discussed-
SAPNAP: We're not the same people.
BAD: We were like-
BAD: “Be careful. Dream might
try and bamboozle us in this round."
GEORGE: Here comes the water.
GEORGE: Why did it take so long?
BAD: I don’t know.
BAD: We're very sneaky, Dream.
BAD: Very sneaky.
[CALMING MUSIC STARTING]
BAD: Guys, what do you think? Should we just?
BAD: Let's just do this.
BAD: Here, gimme some wood.
SAPNAP: Plan B?
BAD: Yeah, let's just do plan B. We might as well.
GEORGE: Execute.
GEORGE: Plan.
SAPNAP: Plan B.
GEORGE: B.
DREAM: Usually. You, listen-
BAD: Well, every time we mine down-
DREAM: Usually, I feel like you guys.
DREAM: When you- You just
say plans, like as a meme, you're like.
DREAM: “Plan seven!”
DREAM: But like in this case, I feel like plan B.
DREAM: Is like an actual, like literally you actually have plans.
GEORGE: It's a reputable name.
BAD: An actual plan.
SAPNAP: Guys!
BAD: And you’re gonna die.
SAPNAP: Execute plan 7435B.
BAD: Kay, there’s no 7435B.
BAD: Oh, it went back!
BAD: Oh!
BAD: Oh, it's here! It's li-
BAD: Go, go.
BAD: Dig, dig, dig, dig, dig.
DREAM: Oh my God.
DREAM: Of course it would be.
GEORGE: Ooh-.
BAD: Uh, keep going down.
SAPNAP: Oh, guys!
BAD: Wait, do you see somebody?
BAD: Ooh~
GEORGE: Ooh~
DREAM: What?!
BAD: Oooh, hahaha.
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Hello, Dream~
[GEORGE Laughs]
DREAM: You guys are so annoying.
GEORGE: Oh, look at this!
GEORGE: Look at this!
SAPNAP: Yess!!!
BAD: You didn’t?!
BAD: We're right here!
SAPNAP: Alright boys.
GEORGE: Lalalalala~
SAPNAP: Are we doing it right now?
BAD: Might as well.
SAPNAP: We gotta go.
GEORGE: Gotta go fast.
BAD: Alright.
BAD: Boop, boop, boop.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
BAD: Oh~
DREAM: Wait.
SAPNAP: Alright.
DREAM: What?!
BAD: My~ How the turns have tabled.
DREAM: Oh my God.
BAD: Ooh~
BAD: Oh, this is perfect.
DREAM: Wait, what?
GEORGE: Hey.
BAD: OK, wait, wait, wait, Sap.
DREAM: Wait, what-
DREAM: So, you're all in the end?
BAD: Yeah, just like that.
DREAM: You're all, you're all in the end.
GEORGE: Yeah! We're waiting for you. :D
SAPNAP: We're gonna beat the Ender Dragon first.
BAD: Wait, go on-
BAD: Go down one, go down one.
DREAM: Wait, you realize.
BAD: Yeah.
BAD: Perfect.
DREAM: You realize you can't get back.
DREAM: Without dying, right?
SAPNAP: Yeah.
SAPNAP: We're here waiting for you.
GEORGE: We don’t need to get back.
BAD: Yeah.
DREAM: So, you're just gonna trap me?
BAD: You're done-zo.
[GEORGE Laughs]
GEORGE: No.
GEORGE: We would never do that.
DREAM: I mean- That's why-
Why? Because it worked one time.
GEORGE: Oh, watch out!
BAD: Ah, fire!
DREAM: Wait, okay.
BAD: Oh, you know what?
BAD: Did we?
BAD: Yeah, we did. We put the bed down!
BAD: Oh, you are done.
DREAM: Wait.
DREAM: So.
DREAM: So you're just- You're just gonna trap.
DREAM: You can just trap the spawn.
DREAM: That's like impossible to beat basically.
BAD: OK.
DREAM: I-I-Okay?!
DREAM: I'm not-I’m just talking.
BAD: OK.
SAPNAP: OK.
BAD: What's your point?
SAPNAP: Did we- Did we say you could talk?
BAD: Hey.
BAD: You never said we could not go to the end before you.
GEORGE: That’s true.
BAD: Mmm-mhmm~
BAD: Should've gotten an invite in, Dream.
SAPNAP: Not against the rules and regulations.
GEORGE: Lemme just- Lemme just flip through my-
[PAGES OF A BOOK FLIPPING]
GEORGE: Uh, manual of, uh-
GEORGE: Manhunt. Yep, it's not in the rules.
BAD: Ohh.
BAD: What about that, Dream? Interesting.
BAD: There's no–you are done, Dream.
BAD: I refuse to believe there's a way you can win.
DREAM: Oh my God.
[MUSIC FADES]
DREAM: Yes!!
DREAM: Oh.
DREAM: My.
DREAM: God.
DREAM: That is the luckiest.
DREAM: Thing that could've happened.
DREAM: Oh, it's small.
BAD: Dream, unless you fell.
BAD: Unless you fell into a pit.
BAD: Full of diamond blocks in XP.
DREAM: You are so annoying.
BAD: You are pretty-
DREAM: I get it, I get it.
BAD: You are pretty much done. [LAUGHING]
[DETERMINED MUSIC]
[DREAM GASPING]
DREAM: Yes!
DREAM: OK.
DREAM: Well, I like that.
[DETERMINED MUSIC]
DREAM: You know, I could, I literally could just sit here.
DREAM: Get tons of-
DREAM: Diamonds.
DREAM: Full diamond.
DREAM: Are you telling me that I still-
DREAM: Wouldn't be able to get out of your trap?
[DREAM GASPING]
DREAM: What?
BAD: You are probably
GEORGE: Probably.
BAD: going to die.
[DETERMINED MUSIC]
GEORGE: Oh~
BAD: Ah~
GEORGE: Hello, Dream.
BAD: Oh, look at that.
DREAM: Well, I know it was close because-
DREAM: You guys found it like in 2.2 seconds.
GEORGE: Huh.
DREAM: Ooh!
[DETERMINED MUSIC]
GEORGE: BadBoyHalo.
BAD: Say it to me?
[DETERMINED MUSIC]
[SILENCE]
DREAM: Take aim?
[INSPIRATIONAL MUSIC]
DREAM: I have gone over.
DREAM: The scenarios in my head.
DREAM: And there are 6.9, 6, 9, 6, 9 billion outcomes.
DREAM: And only one of them.
DREAM: Do I win.
SAPNAP: Pfft.
SAPNAP: OK, Dr. Strange.
BAD: Like, the odds are in our favor then.
[INSPIRATIONAL MUSIC]
BAD: Can you just come in?
GEORGE: You’re taking your time, Dream.
DREAM: I am.
GEORGE: You really are.
DREAM: Really am taking my time.
BAD: There's no helping it.
BAD: You will die.
SAPNAP: What?!
GEORGE: What?!
BAD: What?!
SAPNAP: Run!
SAPNAP: George!!
BAD: Noo- Ah!
[VICTORIOUS MUSIC]
DREAM: Yes!!!
BAD: What.
GEORGE: What just happened?
DREAM: Yeeeesss!!!
DREAM: Oh my God!
BAD: What was that?
DREAM: That worked!
BAD: What worked?!
[DREAM LAUGHING TRIUMPHANTLY]
DREAM: Yes!!!
DREAM: No way!
GEORGE: How did he know to do that?
[VICTORIOUS MUSIC]
DREAM: Oh my God.
DREAM: Were you guys recording? Were any of you recording?
[DREAM LAUGHING]
DREAM: I want to see that.
DREAM: Oh my God!
GEORGE: Oh!
SAPNAP: There he is, there he is. Come on.
BAD: Come on. I believe in you.
DREAM: The dragon.
DREAM: Come here, Dragon.
SAPNAP: Stop!!
GEORGE: No!
BAD: What?!
BAD: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Wait. What happened?
DREAM: Yes!!!
DREAM: Yes!!
BAD: Noo.
[DREAM LAUGHING AND CHEERING]
BAD: Ughh.
DREAM: Sapnap killed the dragon!
[DREAM LAUGHING]
DREAM: But I got the, I got the achievement.
GEORGE: Did Sapnap win?
BAD: Are you kidding me?
GEORGE: Sapnap wins.
DREAM: No, I got the achievement, but…
BAD: So done.
DREAM: Oh my God.
GEORGE: Dream has made the advancement, "Free The End".
BAD: I'm done.